[Naofumi] Before I was
summoned to another world,
I was like any other otaku.
I dabbled in everything,
from games to light novels.
[Kyo] The real world
is a complete shithole
where people like me
don’t belong,
and video games
were the one thing
that helped me forget that.
[Naofumi] While I spent
most of my time selling items,
every now and then,
I’d lead clans
against high-tier raids.
[Kyo] In-game, I was a genius,
I could do anything!
I was famous throughout the land
for my experiments
and inventions.
[Naofumi]
But playing online games
was just one of the many things
I did as an otaku.
[Kyo] Games were all that I had.
My life in those games
was my reality.
[Naofumi] The life I lived
was an ordinary one,
and I was content
to live that way forever.
[Kyo] But I wanted more.
I wanted to wake up
from this nightmare.
[Naofumi]
So then, why am I here,
and what am I doing?
I’m in a new world
with powers people could
only dream of ever having.
Yet I’m just following orders
and doing what they told me to.
[singer vocalizing]
[Kyo] Right, like I’d bother
wasting my time with that crap!
This is the second life
I’ve always wanted,
so you better believe I’m gonna
seize it for all its worth!
Divergent worlds...
ruled by their different laws.
Shatter both
of their independent barriers,
and manifest its power
right here!
The Wave of Calamity,
Dimension Wave!
[vocalizing ends]
[Raphtalia] Master Naofumi,
isn’t that...
[Naofumi] Yeah.
Somehow a Wave is here.
[Raphtalia] Then does that
mean the others are...
[Naofumi] Since we’re
in their world
and they’re
the Cardinal Heroes here,
they were sent
to fight against it.
No way.
It came even though
we had time left,
but how?
[Filo] Master, look! In the sky!
Get in, everyone! Quickly!
[Naofumi] Where are
Kizuna and the others?
They stayed
to help with the Waves
while I came to pick you all up.
[Yomogi] Kyo is the one
behind all of this.
[all gasp]
He must have used the power he
stole from the Spirit Tortoise
in order to create a Wave.
[Naofumi groans]
You knew this could happen,
and you still helped him!
[sighs]
[shudders]
[Raphtalia] Master Naofumi!
I did...
but I never thought
he’d do something like this.
I truly believed he was going to
use the Spirit Tortoise’s power
to protect this world
from the Waves!
[Yomogi shudders]
[Naofumi scoffs]
If you’re
so desperate to help Kyo,
then what are you
doing here with us?
I’m here, because I
want to help you.
Kizuna told me
they would handle the Waves
and that I should come here
because I’d be
of more use to you.
Huh?
Though I’m a fool,
Kizuna made a choice
to believe in me,
and so, for her sake,
I will throw aside my pride
and bring the Shield Hero
to where Kyo’s hiding!
As the Wielder
of the Boat Vassal Weapon,
it would be my great pleasure
to bring you to Kyo,
wherever he is.
[Raphie] Raph!
Right.
Let’s do this, then.
Take me to where
that bastard Kyo is.
Bait Lure!
Blank-Stance Rondo: Moon Break!
[yelps]
That was close.
Thank you, Glass.
It was nothing.
[yells]
How are we supposed
to stop these things
when they just keep coming?!
[Therese] I hate to say it,
but defeating Kyo
might be the only way, since he
was the one who summoned it.
[Kizuna grunts]
[Kizuna] Naofumi.
So this is it?
[Yomogi grunts]
Yes. This is Kyo’s lab.
[Naofumi] Thanks for
the ride, Ethnobalt!
We can handle the rest
from here.
[sighs]
[Naofumi]
Kizuna isn’t like the others.
She hasn’t seen
the Waves before.
I’m sure she’d feel
a lot better with you there.
[chuckles] Very well, then.
Try to stay safe, everyone!
That goes for you too,
Ethnobalt!
Let’s go!
[Rishia squealing]
These are all part of
Kyo’s experiments, aren’t they?
Yes. That’s exactly right.
[all gasp]
[Tsugumi] Vengeance.
I will have vengeance
for what you did to Kazuki!
Hey, those look like...
Chimeras.
They’re a fusion between
a human and a Byakko copy.
Kyo!
[gasps]
Hold on.
Isn’t that the same sword
Yomogi was using?
The three of us will defeat you,
and when we do,
Kazuki will be returned.
Kyo promised
he could be brought back!
Looks like Kyo talked them into
being his sacrificial pawns,
like he did with you.
[grumbles]
[Yomogi] Stop this!
Killing us isn’t going
to bring your master back!
[growls]
[yells]
I hope you can forgive me.
But we can’t afford
to waste any more time here!
[all yell]
[chorus vocalizing]
[Yomogi] B-But how?
I think that jewel
Therese gave me
helped me out a lot
with my speed.
It seems like it gives you
the same power
as Filo’s High Quick.
Hey! I’m still just as fast!
[chimeras groaning]
For Kazuki.
This is for what you did
to Kazuki!
[Naofumi] Watch out!
Air Strike Shield!
Second Shield! Dritte Shield!
Shield Prison!
Meteor Shield!
[all gasp]
[coughing]
[sighs] You guys okay?
[coughs] Yes!
- Yeah, I think so.
- [coughs]
It’s too dusty in here!
[groans]
[sighs]
[Kyo] Well,
there goes any chance
of using this lab ever again.
[gasps]
Of course you three
managed to screw it up.
You’re just as useless
as the others.
[Yomogi] It’s Kyo.
Hey there!
We meet again,
Shield Shithead!
I’d say, "Nice to see you,"
but you make me miserable.
I agree.
But coming here was
the only way to kick your ass.
[chuckles]
- [man groans]
- [all gasp]
[laughs]
Kazuki, you’re alive!
- He really did it!
- [singers vocalizing]
- Hmm. See?
I told you I’d be able
to bring him back to life.
But how? That should
be impossible. [gasps]
A mirror?
Look at him.
He didn’t come back to life.
- [all gasp]
- It’s not even him.
- It’s a homunculus Kyo made!
- [groans]
[Yomogi] The soul
that dwelled in his body
during his life is gone,
so his body is just a shell.
Instead, he forced the soul
of the Mirror
Vassal Weapon Wielder into it.
[Naofumi] What?
[Rishia] The wielder
of the Mirror Vassal Weapon?
You mean the one
who went missing?
- Hey, come on! At least
give a spoiler warning
before you ruin
the fun, bitch.
[gasps]
[Yomogi] There’s no blood
flowing through his veins,
and his soul
is a different person’s.
That thing standing before us
is anything
but the comrade they loved!
[gasps]
But you said that...
you’d bring him back.
[Kyo laughs]
And bring him back, I did!
Try not to have too much fun
dying against a dead guy
without me, you idiots.
[grunts] Get back here!
- [growls]
- [Kyo laughs]
[gasps]
Raphtalia.
Master Naofumi,
allow me to handle this.
I can hear the voice
of the Mirror Vassal
Weapon Wielder within him.
[gasps]
And he’s begging
to be released.
I get it.
That means
the Vassal Weapon Wielders...
are resonating!
You go ahead! Leave him to us.
But you need to move quickly
before Kyo can escape.
- I wanna help too!
- Raph! Raph!
Understood.
[Naofumi] Let’s go, Rishia!
Eh? Uh...
yes! I’m coming!
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [yelps]
[yells]
[Mirror Weapon clatters]
Hooray! I can fight
like I did before!
- Raph!
- [both chuckle]
[homunculus groaning]
Eww! What is that thing?
As someone who helped Kyo
get to this point,
I feel it’s my responsibility
to end your suffering.
No, I’ll be the one
to liberate him.
[clanking]
[Naofumi] Kyo!
[ominous music playing]
[grunts]
[Kyo] Well,
it’s about damn time.
Believe it or not,
I’ve been waiting for you two,
the green-haired moron
and the Shield Shithead
who got in my way.
You’re the only two vermin here
that I have
an indescribable need to kill
with my own two hands!
Let me take a guess.
You caused the last Wave
using the power you stole
from Ost, didn’t you?
Of course I did!
I mean, isn’t it obvious?
The Turtle’s power that I took
is right in front of you!
Sure, I used a lot of it,
but hey,
I can always just go back
to your shitty world
and get more if I need it.
Am I right, or am I right?
Oh, wait. Forgot you
let the stupid Turtle die.
[gasps]
What was the other Beast again?
Some kind of oversized bird
or something?
- [Naofumi] Shut up.
- Huh?
I can’t hear you,
Shield Shithea--
Shut up!
[grumbles]
[Naofumi] I’m sick of it,
sick of hearing your voice,
sick of seeing
that smirk on your face.
Enough is enough!
Try to stay calm. [gasps]
Who the hell
do you think you are?
Coming into our world
and treating it
like it’s another one
of your little experiments!
[Kyo] Huh? Right now,
you’re the ones in my world.
So it’s "our world" now?
Ah, well,
I guess it makes sense.
I wouldn’t wanna go back to your
train wreck of a world either!
[Naofumi growls]
[laughs]
Yes! That’s it!
That’s the look I wanted to see
smeared across your face!
I loved what I saw
when I took that annoying
demi-human girl from you!
[heart beats]
It’s a shame
things with the bird girl
didn’t work out!
She was supposed
to be fried chicken
by the time
you finally found her!
[heart beats]
I hope you enjoyed
the hell I put you through,
because that’s what you get
for trying to play hero
and ruin my plan, you bastard!
[heart beats]
[yelps]
Naofumi, please!
Tell me, Shield Hero.
How do you feel right now?
Angry? Pissed off?
Want to rip me in half?
Oh, I bet you do, don’t you?
Don’t you? Don’t you?!
That’s exactly right!
You sealed your fate
when you decided
to mess with my friends.
Now shut up, and prepare
to die where you stand!
Just go ahead
and try to kill me!
[roars]
[winces]
Please, Naofumi!
You can’t use that!
Foolish sinner,
I hereby sentence you
to cast your screams
unto the heavens!
Within the dragon’s jaws
that have been born
from my very flesh,
become an offering
to the gods as you howl!
Naofumi!
[heart beats]
[Dragon]
You finally chose to use it.
- [roars]
- [Naofumi gasps]
Now that you’ve called
upon me, Naofumi Iwatani...
[winces]
I will become one
with your very being!
[groans]
[screams]
[gasps]
[laughs]
Get a load of this loser!
He got so pissed off that he
let his Shield take him over!
Wait, did you
call them your friends?
What a bunch of bullshit.
You control them
with the slave crest
and monster crest!
[gasps]
You’d think if they
really were your friends,
you wouldn’t need
to enslave them!
That’s not true!
He was only trying--
Give me a break!
The fact that you helped your
little slave band get stronger
doesn’t change how scummy
what you’re doing is, you idiot!
Try to stay in control,
Naofumi!
- [Naofumi grunts]
- [laughs]
- [growls]
- [hand clenches]
So what if I did?
Who gives a damn?
Naofumi...
[Naofumi and Dragon]
Both Raphtalia and Filo
were weak and useless
to begin with.
But they’ve gotten stronger,
so they’re useful to me now.
That’s why I keep them around!
There’s nothing wrong with them.
Too bad I can’t say
the same for you.
You’ve been a useless whore
from the start.
Just looking at you
pisses me off
as much as Kyo does!
Why the hell am I stuck
taking care of an annoying girl
whose life goal has been to get
into the Bow Hero’s pants?
[laughs]
You make me wanna puke,
you ugly slut!
I’ll kill you
before slaughtering Kyo!
[Rishia grunts]
Finally...
I got to hear
what you really think of me.
[Naofumi] Huh?
I knew you were too kind
to say what you really thought,
so I’m glad.
I’m glad I got to hear what
your true thoughts about me are.
And I’m okay
with what you said about me.
But Raphtalia and Filo
are a different story
than me, aren’t they?
- [yells]
- Sure, I can understand
that maybe you were using them
at first to get by,
but who could blame you?
It’s not like
you had a choice, right?
There were more things
you had to do,
and making them your slaves
was necessary.
Besides, it kept them safe,
and it kept you safe.
- [groans]
- [Raphtalia yells]
[Rishia] And believe it or not,
I’m sure they understand that!
Furthermore, they know
that things are different now
between you,
that you think of us
as treasured friends,
as opposed to slaves to do
your bidding and protect you.
Ost also thought that.
I don’t know
who or what you are,
but Naofumi
doesn’t need you anymore!
[Naofumi and Dragon groaning]
[screaming]
[Rishia gasping]
[coughs]
[Kyo] Agh! What are you doing?!
I spent far too much time and
energy for you to ruin my show!
Oh, forget it. Never mind.
I’ll just kill him
while he’s in crazy mode.
But first...
I’m going to eviscerate you!
[gasps]
[wincing]
It happened again?
Damn you!
[gasps]
[energy humming]
Even after all this,
you’re still relying
on the Spirit Tortoise’s power?
You’re as weak as ever!
What did you say?
How dare you insult me?!
[Naofumi wincing]
[Rishia] Wake up, Naofumi.
We need you to fight. Wake up!
[yells]
[grunts]
[growls] Die! You bitch!
[gasping]
Naofumi, please!
[Dragon] What’s wrong?
Don’t let that woman’s words
deceive you!
[Naofumi] No, you’re
the one trying to deceive me!
I’m only making you an offer.
As a Cardinal Hero,
it’s your duty
to fight the Waves, isn’t it?
[gasps] My duty?
And for that, you need my power,
a power destructive enough
to burn everything
that stands in your way!
It burns everything in my way?
Yes. Now you’re getting it.
[ballad playing]
[Ost] I told you before,
didn’t I, Shield Hero?
You don’t need those flames
to be strong.
- But how?
- It’s up to you.
Do you want to stop Kyo
at the cost of my friends
or find another way?
Naofumi, only you can decide
what your duty is.
[gasps]
Now stand up and fight.
After all,
they’re waiting for you.
[gasps]
Raphtalia. Filo?
[ballad continues]
Rishia!
[gasps]
Huh? The hell?
Damn it. Damn it! Damn it!
Prepare to be burned to ashes!
Forbidden Tome: Revelation!
Die!
[laughs]
I’m willing to bet my life
that I can keep this up
longer than you can!
[grunting]
- Master Naofumi!
- Master!
I owe it to you,
Raphtalia and Filo. Thank you.
Naofumi, you’re back!
You too, Rishia! You were able
to stop the Wrath Shield
and my anger from
completely taking me over!
But all this anger...
this pain, this sorrow...
I have to accept it
and move forward!
[grumbles]
[gasps] Is that
the Mirror Vassal Weapon?
Ost was right about me.
I’m the only one
who could decide my duty!
[gasps]
Sorry for playing hero
and ruining your plans
to launch a Wave, Kyo Ethnina.
Huh? Wha?!
[Naofumi]
I’m sure you had your reasons
for thinking this was right,
but I’m not doing this
to follow a greater will
or for the sake
of doing what’s right!
I’m doing it for myself,
of my own free will!
I will defeat you!
[music playing]
[Kyo yells]
[laughing]
Fine by me!
Enjoy your empty victory,
Shield Hero.
Guys like you
who do whatever they want
always end up looking
like idiots in the end anyway.
You’ll find out for yourself
soon enough!
[laugh fades]
[Shield Weapon clanks]
What’s happening?
[Rishia] Ost.
[Yomogi] Thank you, Shield Hero
and his followers...
[gasps]
for defeating Kyo.
You have my utmost gratitude.
- [Kizuna] Hey! Up here!
- [gasps]
[peaceful music playing]
I see. So Kyo’s dead, huh?
[L’Arc] We found the missing
Mirror Vassal Weapon too,
so we don’t have to worry
about a war starting for now.
It’s time for the king
to show us
what he’s got, right, L’Arc?
Well, good luck, Young Master.
Would you stop
calling me that, kiddo?!
What about you?
What are you going to do,
Naofumi?
I don’t really know.
I thought that I
had to ride the Wave home
the same way you guys did
back in my world.
But now it’s gone,
so you can’t.
[Kizuna] Well,
you’ve got about a month
until the next one comes around,
so why not relax here
until it comes?
[sighs] I guess
I don’t have a choice.
That’s good enough for me.
How’s about we head back to
the castle and have a banquet?
Sounds great!
[Kizuna]
We should all go fishing, too!
I was hoping we could try--
[Naofumi gasps]
What’s going on?
[Naofumi] Looks like
we’re headed home after all.
And from the looks of it,
we don’t even have
a minute left here.
- [gasps]
- Huh?
Thank you all for everything!
Um, right. I hope
we meet again sometime soon!
- Bye now!
- Raph! Raph!
Wait, you can’t go yet!
What about fishing
and having the banquet?
Don’t be ridiculous, Kizuna.
They have to go.
But they can’t.
Well, I kind of saw it coming.
[Kizuna] Naofumi, you jerk!
I haven’t even gotten the chance
to thank you for everything!
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Thank you, Naofumi,
for everything you’ve done.
Don’t worry.
As one of the Cardinal Heroes,
I’ll do my best here.
[Naofumi] I bet.
Is it okay
if I visit you sometime?
That is, if I even can...
Of course.
As long as you’re not coming
to kill me,
like the other three.
Don’t be silly.
You know I could never...
[Naofumi]
See you around, Kizuna.
Huh?
Up until the last minute
he was here, Naofumi was...
[cries]
[birds chirp]
[Naofumi] Upon returning
back to the world
I was summoned into,
I was given
a medal by the queen
for defeating
the Spirit Tortoise
and awarded
the title of viscount.
I heard later on
that when Kyo’s Wave appeared
back in Kizuna’s world,
that another one simultaneously
showed up here in our world...
and that while we were gone,
Motoyasu, Ren, and Itsuki
pushed themselves
to their limits to defeat it.
Maybe I’m wrong,
but I have a feeling
they just wanted
to restore their names
after how useless they were
against the Spirit Tortoise.
The Waves, the other world,
more and more problems
are popping up
faster than I can keep track of.
Not to mention
there’s the Phoenix,
the next Guardian Beast
to awaken.
I’d be lying if I said
it’s easy to stay positive
with the challenges ahead.
But I know in my heart
that as long as I have
my friends by my side,
I can keep this world safe.
Not because it’s my duty,
but because I...
...am the Shield Hero!